Create rule S7478 (#4961)
SonarSource/rspec: rules/S7478/java/rule.adoc

== Why is this an issue?

The common pattern of taking a class-file entity, obtaining a corresponding builder, examining each element of the entity and possibly replacing it with other elements can be expressed by transforms.

> Using the `transformClass` method in that case instead of `build` takes care of all that boilerplate and makes the intent clearer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using the `transformClass` method in that case instead of `build` removes all that boilerplate and makes the intent clearer.
```

== How to fix it

Use the `ClassFile.transformClass` method instead of `ClassFile.build`.

=== Code examples

==== Noncompliant code example

[source,java,diff-id=1,diff-type=noncompliant]
----
byte[] newBytes = classFile.build( // Noncompliant
  classModel.thisClass().asSymbol(), classBuilder ->
    classModel.elementStream().filter(classElement ->
        !(classElement instanceof MethodModel methodModel &&
           methodModel.methodName().stringValue().startsWith("debug")))

>           .forEach(classBuilder::with)

Reviewer: Let's try and keep the differences between the compliant and noncompliant code minimal:
- In the compliant example, the lambda is wrapped in a `{}` block, let's make sure we have a similar construct on both
- The chaining of the code makes it difficult to understand with which part of the code `forEach` is chained. Can we simplify/re-format that?
